index.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: about
---

projects
========

zwickau-mensa
-------------
with java &ndash; on
[github](https://github.com/mabako/zwickau-mensa),
[google play](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=net.mabako.zwickau.mensa)

Simple Android application that provides me with my university's food today,
tomorrow and in two days. The name is a derivate of the location, as it happens
to be Zwickau.

Menus are different for Android 2.x and Android 3+, the latter uses the
action bar instead of the menu key.

multitheftauto
--------------
with c++ &ndash; on
[google code](http://code.google.com/p/multitheftauto/),
[multitheftauto.com](http://multitheftauto.com/)

Open source multiplayer modification for Rockstar North's Grand Theft Auto:
San Andreas.

### Server-side Modules
A bunch of mostly cryptographic modules.

* [base64](https://github.com/mabako/mta-base64): Base64 decoding and encoding as `base64_decode(str)` and `base64_encode1(str)`.
* [sha](https://github.com/mabako/mta-sha): The sha-family, namely `sha1(str)`, `sha224(str)`, `sha256(str)`, `sha384(str)` and `sha512(str)`.
* [whirlpool](https://github.com/mabako/mta-whirlpool): Implementation of the whirlpool hash function, exposed to lua as `whirlpool(str)`.

sanandreasmap
-------------
with ruby on rails &ndash; on
[github](https://github.com/mabako/sanandreasmap)

Visual Map of a collection of points to be represented in a full-screen ***Google Maps***-View,
drawn on a high-quality map of the county of San Andreas in Rockstar North's Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas.

Commit message:

Added IV: Multiplayer section to index

index.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: about
---

projects
========

zwickau-mensa
-------------
with java &ndash; on
[github](https://github.com/mabako/zwickau-mensa),
[google play](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=net.mabako.zwickau.mensa)

Simple Android application that provides me with my university's food today,
tomorrow and in two days. The name is a derivate of the location, as it happens
to be Zwickau.

Menus are different for Android 2.x and Android 3+, the latter uses the
action bar instead of the menu key.

IV: Multiplayer
--------------
with C++ &ndash; on
[google code](http://code.google.com/p/ivmultiplayer/)
[iv-multiplayer.com](http://iv-multiplayer.com/)

Open source multiplayer modification for Rockstar North's Grand Theft Auto:
IV, rather simple and unpolished as of now. Was in a different repository
before it became public, hence most of the commit history was lost.

multitheftauto
--------------
with C++ &ndash; on
[google code](http://code.google.com/p/multitheftauto/),
[multitheftauto.com](http://multitheftauto.com/)

Open source multiplayer modification for Rockstar North's Grand Theft Auto:
San Andreas.

### Server-side Modules
A bunch of mostly cryptographic modules.

* [base64](https://github.com/mabako/mta-base64): Base64 decoding and encoding as `base64_decode(str)` and `base64_encode1(str)`.
* [sha](https://github.com/mabako/mta-sha): The sha-family, namely `sha1(str)`, `sha224(str)`, `sha256(str)`, `sha384(str)` and `sha512(str)`.
* [whirlpool](https://github.com/mabako/mta-whirlpool): Implementation of the whirlpool hash function, exposed to lua as `whirlpool(str)`.

sanandreasmap
-------------
with ruby on rails &ndash; on
[github](https://github.com/mabako/sanandreasmap)

Visual Map of a collection of points to be represented in a full-screen ***Google Maps***-View,
drawn on a high-quality map of the county of San Andreas in Rockstar North's Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas.
